# Data Archiving Overview

Business data of huge size and with lower access frequency can be archived. EnOS Data Archiving service supports archiving data by specified cycles and synchronizing the archived data to target database and in specified directories, thus achieving data backup.

## Features

Features of the data archiving service are as follows:

**Archiving specified data**

Archiving data ingested from devices or data generated by stream processing jobs of specified models.

**Setting properties of archived files**

You can set properties of archived files, including file type, encoding, column delimiter, compression, and size limit, based on your data usage scenarios. In this way, the archived files will be ready for future development and analysis.

**Customized archiving cycles**

You set customized data archiving cycles (1 hour ~ 24 hours) based on the data amount and business requirements on data archiving efficiency. The longer the archiving cycle is, the more data you can be processed in the cycle, and the number of small files caused by data latency can be significantly reduced.

**Setting storage system and path**

The archived files will be synchronized to the target storage system and stored in the configured path, thus achieving data backup.

## Usage Limit

When using the data archiving service, the following usage limit should be noted:

**Number of supported archiving policies**

At most 2 data archiving policies can be created for an organization.

**Start time of data archiving**

When data archiving policy is submitted, the system starts reading data from the specified message channel. However, in the first archiving cycle when the archiving policy is submitted, data will not be cached, so no archived file will be generated. Data will be archived from the next archiving cycle after the policy is submitted. If a policy is updated to add models, data of the new models will also be archived starting from the next archiving cycle after the updated policy is submitted.

**Data retention in case of job failure**

The data retention time of the current message channel is 3 days by default. In case of job failure, data archiving jobs must be troubleshooted and restarted in time to avoid data loss. 